day to visit with coach Vince Dooley we
had prior to that listed with coach Bill
Curry of Georgia Tech it's going to be
Jacob's kicking off now and back deep
will be Gary Lee and Sammy Lilly
now the way they do this kickoff Georgia
they move it halfway over they could
kicked it right the middle of the field
you see if they've cheated over to the
left it moved it over about seven yards
now the kicker will try to angle it over
to the left side so that gives everybody
an angle go Kenneth get them in a corner
you'd like to kick it about four yards
from that out of bounds on their left
side going down and about the five yard
line
at the 5-yard line Gary Lee there it
goes
we can go
back here
ninety-five
now
we talked about dirty living the big
play man look he's being mom
we've got a lot touch of my hurt remand
Jr from Albany Georgia
big play Gary Lee and you saw why boy I
want a hole down the right sideline keep
in mind the other kickoffs Nathan
wounded to the left right Lindsey this
will go straight up and any beers back
to the right and litter that hole and
his god and he makes his man to cut back
it's all over that kicker Becker's got
no chance but he slipped on the turf he
wasn't going to get him anyway score is
tied David Bell will try the conversion
if good it goes sin Georgia Tech ahead
sixteen
there's the hero
the man who took a 95-yard it's going to
be frustrating for judgment I mean for
Georgia Lindsay they have completely
dominated play here with four minutes
ago two third quadrants all been Georgia
but they've got the touchdown and a
field goal but this kickoff return they
turn it all around
they come
I want ain't nobody touched
nobody touch Jerry Lee
Dru Hill was the last man and you saw
that that pretty good
he returned to kick off against Georges
st. for stadium 100 yards in 1978
when we were talking to coach curry late
yesterday and he said now I'm an Lea may
not be back there every time but if he
is we're looking for that big play and
they got